Add Flatland Association and Flatland Community to credits. (#213)
flatland-association/flatland-rl: README.md

👥 Credits
---

This library was initially developed
by [SBB](https://www.sbb.ch/en/), [Deutsche Bahn](https://www.deutschebahn.com/), [SNCF](https://www.sncf.com/en),

> [AIcrowd](https://www.aicrowd.com/) and [numerous contributors](http://flatland.aicrowd.com/misc/credits.html) from the

Author: ```suggestion
[AIcrowd](https://www.aicrowd.com/) and [numerous contributors](https://flatland-association.github.io/flatland-book/misc/credits.html) from the
```

> flatland community. It is now developed by [Flatland Association](https://flatland-association.org) and [Flatland Community](https://flatland.cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flatland community. It is now developed by the [Flatland Association](https://flatland-association.org) and the [Flatland Community](https://flatland.cloud).
```
